assignment1/report.md, before:

# Exercise 1

## The Factory Method pattern

We found an instance of the Factory Method pattern in the package `Demo1`.
In the demo, the `Corei(5|7)Factory` creates an object that implements the
`Processor` interface. This particular construct allows to dynamically change
the type of processor to be created. This is therefore a creational pattern.


![Demo1 UML](demo1.eps)

## The Facade pattern

* Demo 10


## The Observer pattern

* Demo 11 (but weather should explicitely implement the Obervable interface)


## The Adapter pattern

* Demo 13 (?) Dusty adapts cropDuster to RacerPlane


## The Visitor pattern

* Demo 2 But actually doesn't make sense because different visit functions


## Others

* Demo 3 is a Bridge Pattern
* Demo 4 is a Builder
* Demo 7 is a Composite


# Exercise 2

Strategy patterns (Behavioural)



# Exercise 3

## Which is preferable: high or low wohesion ?

A high cohesion is preferable.

* DRY
* Functional cohesion (small units, KISS)


## Which is preferable: tight or loose coupling ?

A loose coupling is preferable

* Complexity of interdependances

## 

### DemoUtils.java

* coincindental cohesion: used as container for various unrelated methods.

It also has a high coupling, because it directly access an attribute of another
object, breaking the encapsulation principle. Content coupling

### Fish.java

* communicatonal cohesion because everything is grouped in the Fish class only
  1 class to group data relative to a fish.
* Subclass (interface coupling)

### Fishbowl

* Communicational and informational cohesion: everything that's inside works on
  the same data.
* Coupling with the List and Fish classes (external coupling ?)

### SmartFish

* Coupling with fish (subclass coupling)

### Main

* Procedural cohesion (order in which we have to call the methods)
* Mais respecte l'encapsulation (pas de content coupling)
  external coupling, common coupling

Commit message:

[enh] Add Demo11 as observer pattern

assignment1/report.md, after:

# Exercise 1

## The Factory Method pattern

We found an instance of the Factory Method pattern in the package `Demo1`.
In the demo, the `Corei(5|7)Factory` creates an object that implements the
`Processor` interface. This particular construct allows to dynamically change
the type of processor to be created. This is therefore a creational pattern.


![Demo1 UML](demo1.eps)

## The Facade pattern

* Demo 10


## The Observer pattern

We observed the observer pattern in the package `Demo11`. However, the package
contains the `Observer` and `Observable` interfaces that are not used. The
pattern is directly implemented in the `Weather` class, which is observable, 
and therefore keep tracks of all the `WeatherObserver` to be notified when
the weather changes. Finally, the `Country` class povide a concrete
of the `WeatherObserver` interface, and is notified everytime the weather it
observes changes.

![Demo11 UML](demo11.eps).


## The Adapter pattern

* Demo 13 (?) Dusty adapts cropDuster to RacerPlane


## The Visitor pattern

* Demo 2 But actually doesn't make sense because different visit functions


## Others

* Demo 3 is a Bridge Pattern
* Demo 4 is a Builder
* Demo 7 is a Composite


# Exercise 2

Strategy patterns (Behavioural)



# Exercise 3

## Which is preferable: high or low wohesion ?

A high cohesion is preferable.

* DRY
* Functional cohesion (small units, KISS)


## Which is preferable: tight or loose coupling ?

A loose coupling is preferable

* Complexity of interdependances

## 

### DemoUtils.java

* coincindental cohesion: used as container for various unrelated methods.

It also has a high coupling, because it directly access an attribute of another
object, breaking the encapsulation principle. Content coupling

### Fish.java

* communicatonal cohesion because everything is grouped in the Fish class only
  1 class to group data relative to a fish.
* Subclass (interface coupling)

### Fishbowl

* Communicational and informational cohesion: everything that's inside works on
  the same data.
* Coupling with the List and Fish classes (external coupling ?)

### SmartFish

* Coupling with fish (subclass coupling)

### Main

* Procedural cohesion (order in which we have to call the methods)
* Mais respecte l'encapsulation (pas de content coupling)
  external coupling, common coupling
